what's happening beautiful people my
name is dirty mike and welcome to the
top five things that I love in fifa 14
and we went over stuff I hated so I've
got to be fair we've got to go both ways
EA has made some improvements this year
and we're going to talk about them if
you enjoy the video let's smash that
like button we get a thousand plus that
would be amazing that would be stellar
it tells me this is a good look and also
drop a comment do you agree to disagree
who's in your top five and if you need
ultimate team coins you fifa.com in the
description down below use the code
Mike's tonight mi CH s 09 in order to
get additional five percent off its
automated your get your coins as soon as
you make that purchase also g2a I've
been talking about this they're rocking
out with games I've been getting my
Microsoft codes i begin my PSN codes
also down below in description let me
know if you make any purchases down
there it's safe it's reliable it's quick
all the above but let's get into the
FIFA goodness to kick start the
countdown we've got the stadium views
and environment and there's a certain
essence when you're playing a match the
fans are interactive the atmosphere is
on point and I even like to include
switching the pitch this year because it
looks really nice but I think it's
because of the improvements to the
stadiums and some of the default camera
views I'm really messing with this year
good job EA ah number four we've got
natural player movements how they handle
first touches they turn they run on two
passes the attacking and the defending
shape and I don't think it's perfect EA
still working on this but they've made a
big effort and they've implemented some
new things so I'm looking forward to
what happens in FIFA 15 at the midway
point we've got dribbling in the new
execution of skill moves and when EA
removed holding the l2 trigger holding
the LT trigger I was a skeptic but after
you've made that final adjustment it's
easier and this has been my best year in
terms of showing tutorials breaking down
a lot of different skills and you have
options for just good dribbling with the
pace control the lb stop or even some of
the face shots that kind of stop on a
dime I have done videos over all this if
you want to go check them out but I
think that we are in for a lot more with
skilling in the future at the runner-up
position we've got graphics and new
animations and it doesn't really matter
if you love or
you hate EA everyone has to agree that
this is the best-looking FIFA
installment to date and it should be
it's the newest game we're on a next-gen
console I've got big expectations for
FIFA 15 but the way the players look on
the pitch is exquisite what can you
complain about topping the charts we've
got the shooting mechanics wow we
finally have a balance if you are a FIFA
fan then we have battled it out pretty
much each year oh the finesse shot works
but the powershot is terrible oh the
regular shot is on point but the finesse
shot is awful this year we got the
swerve we've got the dipping powershot
we have the finesse from distance in 1v
1's you can feel the spin you can feel
the curve I could not be happier as
someone who buys FIFA every single year
we finally did a good job or EA you guys
did a pretty decent job this is the best
improvement so far even the chip is back
it's live it's in demand you're scoring
goals and you need to have all these
options but if you guys enjoyed the
video drop a thumbs up subscribe to my
channel follow me on twitter mics are
not USA and i have a lot more content
come for you ASAP ASAP
hey